# Getting-Started

It’s super quick to get a [PHP-Prefixer](https://php-prefixer.com/) project up and running. Install any library freely. PHP-Prefixer will manage your namespaces.

- **Use the same libraries across all platforms**: Develop your solutions using the same libraries for all the platforms you work in, specifically WordPress, Joomla, Drupal, Laravel, Symfony, Slim Framework, etc.
- **Composer + WordPress**: Use Composer for your WordPress projects. PHP-Prefixer will process the dependencies to run smoothly along with other third-party plug-ins.
- **Fully integrated with Git**: Declare your name space configuration and let the service produce the packages. No local installation. No Phars. No new dependencies.

## The prefixed project results

This is the prefixed project.

The source project can be found in this repository: https://github.com/PHP-Prefixer/Getting-Started

## Documentation

The documentation about this sample code can be found here: https://php-prefixer.com/docs/guides/

This sample project is written based on Composer original documentation, [Basic usage / Autoloading](https://getcomposer.org/doc/01-basic-usage.md#autoloading).

## How to execute the project

To run this sample project, run the following command:

```sh
~$ php a-simple-test.php
```

The test writes a file `app.log` with the following output:

```
[2020-10-08 17:40:19] name.WARNING: Foo [] []
```

## How to test the prefixed Monolog

The prefixed Monolog library, generated by [PHP-Prefixer](https://php-prefixer.com/), can be tested with original tests.

```sh
~/vendor_prefixed/monolog/monolog$ phpunit
PHPUnit 5.7.27 by Sebastian Bergmann and contributors.

................................................................. 65 / 97 ( 67%)
................................                                  97 / 97 (100%)

Time: 116 ms, Memory: 6.00MB
```

A few notes for future testers:

- `Monolog` v1 uses a custom autoloader in the unit tests. It had to be manually fixed to load from the right directory. For instance: `vendor_prefixed/monolog/monolog/tests/Monolog/Functional/Handler/FirePHPHandlerTest.php`.
- There is a test that checks the namespace of the loaded object. It has been updated to check the namespace prefixed with `PPP`. This is the modified test function `vendor_prefixed/monolog/monolog/tests/Monolog/Formatter/LineFormatterTest.php / testDefFormatWithObject`.

## License

MIT License
